README.md, before:

## Postgrest on Heroku

The best way to build an API, now for Heroku.

Make a git repo with anything in it. The repo is just a pretext to
push to Heroku.

Note that **the Heroku PostgreSQL addon will not work** because it
does not support having multiple database roles. I would recommend
spinning up a Postgres database with [Amazon
RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/). Make sure you create it in
the **Virginia region** because that's where Heroku's dynos are
and it will decrease latency between the server and db.

Next install the [Heroku Toolbelt](https://toolbelt.heroku.com/)
and run these commands.

```bash
# first set up a new app
heroku apps:create --buildpack https://github.com/begriffs/postgrest-heroku.git

# now fill in the values specific to your database
heroku config:set POSTGREST_VER=0.4.0.0
heroku config:set DB_URI=postgres://postgrest_test:postgrest111@postgrest-test.crbxuv1p3j1c.us-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com/postgrest_test
heroku config:set DB_SCHEMA=public
heroku config:set DB_ANON_ROLE=postgrest_test
heroku config:set DB_POOL=60

git push heroku master
```

To determine the best value for `DB_POOL` ask the database by
running this SQL:

```SQL
show max_connections;
```

Commit message:

Handle easily heroku local db with DATABASE_URL
In the case of heroku local db, the credential are changed from now and then.
Thus instead of using manually defined variable, simply use "DATABASE_URL",
which is automatically defined be Heroku, and set "db-uri" and "db-role-anon"
directly from it.

README.md, after:

## Postgrest on Heroku

The best way to build an API, now for Heroku.

Make a git repo with anything in it. The repo is just a pretext to
push to Heroku.

Note that **the Heroku PostgreSQL addon will not work** because it
does not support having multiple database roles. I would recommend
spinning up a Postgres database with [Amazon
RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/). Make sure you create it in
the **Virginia region** because that's where Heroku's dynos are
and it will decrease latency between the server and db.

Next install the [Heroku Toolbelt](https://toolbelt.heroku.com/)
and run these commands.

```bash
# first set up a new app
heroku apps:create --buildpack https://github.com/cleany/postgrest-heroku.git

# now fill in the values specific to your database
heroku config:set POSTGREST_VER=0.4.0.0
heroku config:set DB_SCHEMA=public
heroku config:set DB_POOL=60

# If the db run locally DATABASE_URL could be used, simply promote the database
# Thus db-uri will be set to database_url and db-anon-role will be extracted from it.
heroku pg:promote DATABASE

# otherwise you could manually define the db uri and the anon role
heroku config:set DB_URI=postgres://postgrest_test:postgrest111@postgrest-test.crbxuv1p3j1c.us-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com/postgrest_test
heroku config:set DB_ANON_ROLE=postgrest_test

git push heroku master
```

To determine the best value for `DB_POOL` ask the database by
running this SQL:

```SQL
show max_connections;
```
